# Light-GPT Plus

Light-GPT Plus is built on [Light-GPT](https://github.com/riwigefi/light-gpt).
It offers more necessary features, similar to ChatGPT, while fixing bugs of the original Light-GPT and removing unnecessary features.
The functionality is Plus, while being "Plus"ly light-weight.

## Running

Currently, the database server and the chat server take ports `3456` and `3000`, respectively.
These values are hardcoded, so you may need to manually change them.
Support of changing them will come in future versions.

Install dependencies:
```
pnpm install
```

Run the database server (you may need to start a `screen` to keep it running in background):
```
node DBServer.js
```

Run the chat server (you may need to start another `screen` to keep it running in background):
```
pnpm run dev
```


## Added Features
- Model selection
  - On the top left corner, there is a drop down box to select models. Now support `GPT-4 Turbo`, `GPT-4` and `GPT-3.5 Turbo`.
- Conversations
  - Topic names of conversations are summarizations of the first user message as in ChatGPT, instead of simply the first 10 or so letters of the user message as in the original Light-GPT.
  - Support editing user messages.
  - Conversations are stored in the server, instead of in the browser.
  - Conversations are binded with API keys, so only those generated by a certain API key are displayed.
  - Dynamically rank the topics by their editing times, instead of the creation time.
  - Support latex-style math environment with delimeters `\(\)` and `\[\]`.
  - [TODO] Support a user-defined pool of system messages.
- Communication
  - Communication is proxied through the server.

## Bug Fixes or Changes
### Serious
- System message
  - In the original Light-GPT, the system message (named `systemRoles`) was never actually sent to OpenAI api. Now this bug is fixed.
- Conversation display
  - In the original Light-GPT, reopening the topic tab after multiple regeneration displayed all the assistant messages. Now this bug is fixed.
  - Math equation rendering bug: $x^2$ -> $x_2$. Now this bug is fixed.
  - When generating a message, clicking on another topic will also display the generating process. Now this bug is fixed.
### Small
- Text input
  - In the original Light-GPT, deleting the lengthy input text will not shrink the text input area. Now this bug is fixed.
- System message
  - Change the default system message.
- Avatars
  - Change the original avatars to ones that are more theme-consistent.

## Removed Features
- Avatars
  - Remove the support for changing avatars.
- Context window
  - Remove the limit of (changable) context window (named `chatBackgroundContext`) as it is not used in ChatGPT.
- System message
  - Remove the support for customizing the system message (named `systemRoles` in the original Light-GPT).
- Page saving
  - Remove the methods to save the page into pdf and picture.
- Mobile style
  - Remove the support for mobiles.
- Text input
  - Remove the support to send text by pressing <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
- Toastify JS
  - Remove Toastify JS notifications.
- Language support
  - Remove language support. Now only supports English.